README.md, before:

# generator-fullstack-bootstrapper [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url] [![Coverage percentage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
> Fullstack bootstrapper

## Installation

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) and generator-fullstack-bootstrapper using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (we assume you have pre-installed [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)).

```bash
npm install -g yo
npm install -g generator-fullstack-bootstrapper
```

Then generate your new project:

```bash
yo fullstack-bootstrapper
```

## Getting To Know Yeoman

 * Yeoman has a heart of gold.
 * Yeoman is a person with feelings and opinions, but is very easy to work with.
 * Yeoman can be too opinionated at times but is easily convinced not to be.
 * Feel free to [learn more about Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/).

## License

MIT © [Guna Shekar]()


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.com/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.com/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper
[coveralls-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper/badge.svg
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/GunaShekar02/generator-fullstack-bootstrapper

Commit message:

change name to front-to-back everywhere and edit README

README.md, after:

# generator-front-to-back [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url] [![Coverage percentage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]

> Front To Back

## Installation

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) and generator-front-to-back using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (we assume you have pre-installed [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)).

```bash
npm install -g yo
npm install -g generator-front-to-back
```

Then generate your new project:

```bash
yo front-to-back
```

## Getting To Know Yeoman

- Yeoman has a heart of gold.
- Yeoman is a person with feelings and opinions, but is very easy to work with.
- Yeoman can be too opinionated at times but is easily convinced not to be.
- Feel free to [learn more about Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/).

## License

MIT © [Guna Shekar]()

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-front-to-back.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-front-to-back
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.com/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.com/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back
[coveralls-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back/badge.svg
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/GunaShekar02/generator-front-to-back
